NBN-237,NBN-277,NBN-294,NBN-457 Add missing descriptions (#646)
buildingSMART/IFC4.3.x-development: docs/schemas/core/IfcKernel/Entities/IfcTypeObject.md

A Name attribute has to be provided. The name can be declared within the IFC specification as part of the property set agreements.

### UniquePropertySetNames

> If the entity has property sets, their names must be unique.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the type object has property sets, their names must be unique.
```

> If the type object has property sets, their names must be unique.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Every individual _IfcPropertySetDefinition_ assigned to the instance in the attribute _HasPropertySets_ shall have a unique _Name_ attribute value.
```
